# GODREJ-INFINITY-KESHAV-NAGAR-PUNE
GODREJ INFINITY KESHAV NAGAR PUNE Godrej Infinity is a residential development located in the Keshav Nagar Pune, The builder has planned to develop this on the bank of the Mula - Mutha River, as it is a superb location and very most of them have three side views from the apartments. Come home to a sprawling 43-acre residential community, designed around a sweeping green valley that boasts of sunrise sojourns, breath-taking views, lush greenery and great connectivity. Salient features of godrej infinity Riverside Bandstand with Land scrapping Club House for Every Phase 50% Open Green Space in Phase 1 Health Zone with Poly Clinic Facility. Sprawling over 43 acres of land, Godrej Infinity is one of the carefully planned project that is adorned with all the accelerating features of ultra avant garde era, enabling you to sense the exclusivity as well as character at every end. This residential project having elegant 2 BHK and 3 BHK apartments, has designed to provide ample sunlight and ventilation, with the international facilities. The apartments sizes from 670 Sqft to 1582 Sqft. This can be possible when you own a luxury property from the house of reputed developer. The reputed developer never compromises with the quality of building materials and they construct property for the customers as per their need. Keshav Nagar has the advantage of affordability, ambient greenery, peaceful city life and availability of land parcels for new construction.  You will enjoy all the amenities that is of international standard. The property has been designed innovatively using modern technology and robust engineering.   ABOUT THE BUILDER-Godrej Properties was established in 1990 as a real estate development Indian company.The company was originally incorporated as Sea Breeze Constructions and Investments Private Limited on February 8, 1985. The company's name was changed to Godrej Properties and Investments Private Limited on July 2, 1990 and subsequently to Godrej Properties Limited on November 23, 2004. Since 1897, customers have trusted Godrej to deliver innovation and excellence across a broad spectrum of services and products. Once a location has been identified as a potential development zone, GPL works with only the foremost architects, contractors, and project managers to bring the project to life. GPL knows that its obligation to its customers and partners does not end upon the completion of a project, and therefore, provides post-project professional and accessible support also. Godrej Properties adheres to a simple philosophy: providing exemplary service based on the optimal use of available resources. The company has completed projects in Mumbai and Pune and is currently developing residential towers such as the Planet Godrej in central Mumbai and the Godrej Woodsman Estate in Bangalore. Godrej Properties intends to leverage its established brand image to deliver property solutions across major Indian metros Godrej Vihaa Badlapur.  http://www.godrejinfinity.net.in/
